deez nuts?!?
oh no
oh no
oh my
ive created a monster
Oh really
A fire is what?
Yo, whats going on my friend
A rose is a woody perennial flowering plant of the genus Rosa, in the family Rosaceae, or the flower it bears. There are over three hundred species and tens of thousands of cultivars.[citation needed] They form a group of plants that can be erect shrubs, climbing, or trailing, with stems that are often armed with sharp prickles.[citation needed] Their flowers vary in size and shape and are usually large and showy, in colours ranging from white through yellows and reds. Most species are native to Asia, with smaller numbers native to Europe, North America, and northwestern Africa.[citation needed] Species, cultivars and hybrids are all widely grown for their beauty and often are fragrant. Roses have acquired cultural significance in many societies. Rose plants range in size from compact, miniature roses, to climbers that can reach seven meters in height.[citation needed] Different species hybridize easily, and this has been used in the development of the wide range of garden roses.
CNN said I'd be dead by 21
Is that Seinfeld? Very advanced.
Trainspotting is fun, but train hopping is more enjoyable.
In exciting news for the planet and environmentalists, Greenland has announced it is permanently halting all new oil and gas exploration in the country.

Despite the recent discovery of potentially significant oil reserves off the island’s east coast, the country’s government says the costs for our planet far outweigh any potential financial gains: “The future does not lie in oil. The future belongs to renewable energy, and in that respect, we have much more to gain.”

In addition to banning oil and gas exploration, the country has also introduced legislation to halt the investigation, exploration, and extraction of uranium.

Hopefully, Greenland’s actions will inspire other countries to follow suit and accelerate their divestment from fossil fuels.
We all want to recycle as much as possible to reduce waste and encourage circularity, but it can be confusing to know what exactly is recyclable as the rules vary from country to country and even city to city. Fortunately, there are a few basic recycling rules that apply no matter where you live.

Clean, empty, and dry
All recycled jars, bottles, and containers should be free of food and beverage remnants and dry. That means no leftover peanut butter smudges or crusty salsa. Goods with food left off them are difficult to recycle and often end up getting tossed into the trash rather than broken down.

Sort and separate 
Some cities have single stream recycling which accepts paper, plastic, glass, and metal all in one bin, but most require some degree of separation. Look up your region’s recycling rules and sort accordingly. Keeping different small indoor recycling bins for each material can help with this effort.
My favorite bit of Marvel films is where you sit through nine minutes of credits to watch a five second clip of some guy stepping through a doorway and saying "It's me, Blorko"
if you are a Verizon Wireless customer in the US, a new program launched today called Verizon Custom Experience. It tracks every website you visit and every app you use. The program automatically enrolls all customers, who must specifically opt out if they don't want to be tracked.
If you prefer to keep your browsing habits private, you should consider opting out. There is essentially no benefit to giving away your information to Verizon Wireless. Unlike with other sites, where one can at least argue targeted ads pay for free services, with this Verizon program, you are essentially receiving nothing in return for giving up your privacy.
Hey just a second
How rude!
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away...

               A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title. 
               War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawls 
               into infinity.

                    It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, 
                    striking from a hidden base, have won their first 
                    victory against the evil Galactic Empire.

                    During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal 
                    secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the 
                    Death Star, an armored space station with enough 
                    power to destroy an entire planet.

                    Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess 
                    Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of 
                    the stolen plans that can save her people and 
                    restore freedom to the galaxy...

               The awesome yellow planet of Tatooine emerges from a total 
               eclipse, her two moons glowing against the darkness. A tiny 
               silver spacecraft, a Rebel Blockade Runner firing lasers 
               from the back of the ship, races through space. It is pursed 
               by a giant Imperial Stardestroyer. Hundreds of deadly 
               laserbolts streak from the Imperial Stardestroyer, causing 
               the main solar fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.
I am very Impressed. After the... well somewhat shifty scripts to be produced for the first prequels, I had become skeptical that anything could be done to redeem the Star Wars Empire. I have not yet seen the film, but if this script is any indication, it should be quite the excellent film. The drama was woven exceptionally well with excellent dialogue, and for the most part, there were not many wasted scenes, as I found there to be in the earlier films. It harkens back to "The Empire Strikes Back", my personal favorite of all the SW films. There might be perhaps a bit too much gratuitous violence, but that will have to wait to be seen when I venture out to view the film on the screen (Which I shall be doing quite soon) Thank you George Lucas, you have restored my faith in thee, and your intricately woven Star Wars Universe.
Woah there
How are you though?
Ive been doing pretty good, my grades have been wonderful lately but there are a few problems ive ran into
Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Humphry Davy in 1807. A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America.
I am gonna puke. Lucas must die. Thank heaves that this so called "series of GREAT movies" is OVER! Star Wars fans are total nerds. Emo and DDR for life!
you should have saved all your crap ideas for "star trek" you fat bastige! this movie was only saved by the fact that the girl sitting in front of me was completely topless!
dialog seems a bit too stale for the story that needs to be told, plus there are some lines from the trailers that are missing in this version. it's possible that those changes were made in mid-production, or possible that this could be a fake. Guess I'll know once I see the movie.
well, i read this after seeing the movie and i loved the movie and the script! Star Wars is amazing and this has become my new favorite movie, Star Wars or otherwise! the best scene when you watch it on screen is when obi wan is yelling to anakin about loving him, and how in the world could he have turned to the dark side!
Yo thats pretty cool! I havent been playing minecraft much lately though
im on the stream oml no way
